# GloPAD Migration - Metadata/Data Modeling Planning – 2016-08-17

## ATTENDEES:

- Jenn Colt
- Jim Reidy
- Jason Kovari
- Christina Harlow

## BACKGROUND / REFERENCE:

See the README.md at the top level of this repository for the background.

## NOTES:

- Migrating GloPAD (an Art Objects repository of sorts) to Fedora/Hydra Application
- Want to migrate to existing digital collections Fedora/Hydra stack
- Not pressing timeframe, so put in queue for modeling, mapping and migration to the Fedora 4 backed version of our Digital Collections Hydra Application
- Need to confirm what functional expectations external stakeholders have for this repository (previous API uses that no longer work, but may be requested once the project is in Hydra)
- Need to perform modeling + data assessment of GloPAD for moving into our "Simple RDF" PCDM implementation in Fedora 4
- This will involve issues around context class modeling that is part of the ongoing Vitro Authorities Pilot project

## ACTION ITEMS:

- Jim will get Jenn + Christina access to the GloPAD database for analysis and review
- Jim will discuss with external stakeholders re:functional requirements possible for GloPAD once in Hydra
- Jim and Jenn will work separately/in other lines on question of migrating binary files / the assets
- Christina will review the GloPAD MAP and sketch out needs for modeling, data assessment, and immediate involvement of GloPAD data in the Vitro Pilot
- Jason will look to what is needed for Vitro Pilot to be supported at administration level for supporting building our systems expecting this Vitro Authorities infrastructure to be in place

## Outstanding Questions:

- Preservation?
- Assets reconversion for old formats? Assets migration to AWS?
- Expected interaction of Vitro Pilot + Fedora/Hydra
- Timeframe (is loose)
- Modeling requirements at more granular level?
- Context Classes managed? Reconciliation options?

## Next Meeting:

In at least 1 month away, when there is some work to report back on.
